Readme update (#29)
seng499-company2/algorithm1: README.md

# SENG 499 - Company 2 - Algorithm 1 

> This repository contains a package, [Course-Scheduler](https://pypi.org/project/coursescheduler/), for
> that returns a course schedule for three terms of Software Engineering courses at UVic. The Course Scheduler uses the 
> Constraint Satisfaction Problem (CSP) Algorithm to determine the hard constraint of the schedule, and produces a schedule 
> that adheres to the constraints. The scheduler also takes into account soft constraints for professor preferences, 
> however, these constraints are not always fulfilled. 

Reviewer: I'd suggest keeping this brief and not getting into hard and soft constraints since it can be a bit confusing without context. I do think we should include some documentation on the design of our solution in the repo, but it could probably go in its own markdown file and it's out of scope for this ticket.

```suggestion
This repository contains a package ([_coursescheduler_](https://pypi.org/project/coursescheduler/)) that schedules the courses required for a software engineering degree at University of Victoria.
```

If you think we should include some high-level design details, I'd suggest this:
```suggestion
This repository contains a package ([_coursescheduler_](https://pypi.org/project/coursescheduler/)) that schedules the courses required for a software engineering degree at University of Victoria. The problem is implemented as a constraint satisfaction problem and an optimized backtracking search algorithm is used to find a valid schedule.
```

This package was created for the Capstone SENG499 class: Company 2 Course Scheduler Project. 
Authored by the Company2-Algorithm1 sub-team.

## Install from PyPi Using PIP
Install this package into your environment from PyPi using `pip`. 

```bash

> $ pip install coursescheduler==0.0.1

Reviewer 2: This version number could be removed to ensure the latest version is always installed
```suggestion
$ pip install coursescheduler
```

Author: Thank you for catching that!

```

> The most recent available version of the package is uploaded to the test PyPi index automatically.
> To ensure that you are working with the most recent release upgrade this module before integrating.

Reviewer: Typo: "test PyPi index" should be "PyPi index"

```suggestion

The most recent available version of the package is uploaded to the PyPi index automatically as part of our CI/CD pipeline. To ensure that you are working with the most recent release, upgrade this module before integrating.
```

```bash
$ python3 -m pip install --upgrade coursescheduler
```

## Install from Local Archives

> Clone this repo into your repository. Inside the algorithm 1 module directory,
> build and install the package as shown below. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clone this repo into your repository. Inside the algorithm 1 module directory,
build and install the package as shown below. Note: you must replace `0.0.1` with the correct version.
```

```bash
$ python3 -m build
$ pip3 install coursescheduler-0.0.1.tar.gz
```

## Usage

> The algorithm 1 module may then be imported into and called from the backend subteam. In the example below
> `historical_course_data` `professors` and `schedule` are python dictionaries or
> JSON strings. A schedule object with capacities assigned is encoded as a JSON string and returned
> to caller.

Reviewer: This describes algorithm 2. Also our inputs cannot be JSON strings and our output is not encoded as a JSON string. Suggested fix:
```suggestion
Once installed, the algorithm can be imported and called with `generate_schedule`, as shown below. `generate_schedule` expects three parameters and returns a single output, all of which are Python dictionaries. The API specification can be found [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/163L7pv6w5Z38rUrl2EwRJq-A9ZLllCIO9uYbUkdxi2s/edit?usp=sharing).
```

```python
from coursescheduler.scheduler import generate_schedule
schedule = generate_schedule(historical_course_data, professors, schedule)
```

## Dev 

To make and test changes to the project, navigate into the root level directory 

> `/path/to/algorithm1/`. After editing the projet files, in order for the changes to take

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`/path/to/algorithm1/`. After editing the project files, in order for the changes to take
```

Author: Thank you!
